Step 1 - Create react app using the vite and import the react touter dom chart tailwind and needed packages and  create home page about us page resister , login and reset password  page first .

Step 2 - develope the home about us login register and reset password page (in login register and reset page have form ).. in login page we enter the email add password create two state onshcnage time update the value of the form and after slick sumbit button send the value into the backend api using the axios method to post th eemail and password value totha data bse if any error show the error . and save the token in loaclhosst and after login successfull again redirect the home page (here we add some fucntionality in header add the profile first letter and we can see after login in some navigation is added like nutrirtion goal, fitness and dashborad pages ) .. same like regiter but after register it redirect in to the loging page to login . and reset page have one email form if we enter the email otp wills end the mail and enter the otp  if the otp matched then update form showing we can update there..

Step 3 -  Create dashboard and fitness, nutrition, and goal pages  before we create one provider to send the backend link and and using that component to pass the values . in fitness page we have dropdown running , cycling and strenth an dtimming there how much time we doing and get automatic calculation how many calories burned per minutes .  and get the all details and show down .and nutirion page  we add the food details in js file and get the value from there and if we click any letter relater foot showing we can send the value there .. update the calories portien carbs and fat calculation to seho and get all the data an show down .. finally goal page  send the type target reccurrenece (daily, one time , weekly, or monthly ) and sen the value to the backend and if  the goal data their sho the data after the form .

Step 4 - dashboard page  here showing the intsake burn and net in chat and show the what goal workout  and nurition we adds then showing the rounded chart for showing tha details 

